Kansas City is seven and warned against
point-spread coming off a Monday night
game take KC - the six call me tomorrow
for my pro football game of the year
until then this is Brandon lang saying
good night and good gambling y'all
networks don't talk about it
government can't tax it but sports
betting is a 200 billion dollar a year
business
I love congratulations you win nine and
two last Sunday this is Walter Abrams I
run the biggest sports service in the
country this is a joke right no joke I
want you to come to New York and work
for me whoa marble Manny Halley that's
me thirty years ago right he's a little
taller
I'll give me that one build an empire
around you to start by giving you new
name John Anthony the Million Dollar Man
listen to what he's asking you I'm in if
you do this ain't no going back I
understand what I'm saying John Anthony
here ready to make all your betting
dreams come true John Anthony huh
all's I see is another wannabe in a
thousand-dollar suit where'd the Y's
keep the suit and came in with all right
Jethro this guy is a machine all he does
is work out and pick winners genin to
85% weekend you're a mutant winning
slows rare commodities honor that money
cannot buy until you called me
be like Monday night I don't know
pick one there's like a million dollars
riding on that game oh there's like a
whole lot more than that
you go to 412 on our highest volume
weekend ever and what's left to say I
lost three hundred eighty thousand I am
on life
I built an empire around here I'm
finished we have to get out he will ride
you into the ground I gotta go back to
being me you made a career choice buddy
you've lost it
I'm not asking you if I can leave Walter
I'm telling you it's over if you want
something from me you can have to whip
it out of my talons
you feel that you feel that you filled
out two for the money
this is dangerous territory